# Image-classification-Tensorflow-CNN
CIFAR 10 photo classification problem.

A photo classification problem is implemented. The dataset consists of photographs of 10 different subjects (we name them classes). For this purpose I used a convolutional deep learning neural network in order to classify each image to the right class. The architecture of this network is as follows: each convolutional layers has a filter 3x3 and it is followed by a max pooling layer. Each layer uses the ReLu activation function and in this code 3 blocks in total are used (three repetitions of this structure). These building blocks of the network were used to produce the feature map. After that I interpreted the features and make predictions of each future input to the network. For that purpose the feature map has been flattened and connected with two additional fully connected layers before the output layer. The output layer has 10 nodes each one for each class in the problem. The accuracy of the model is 65% and shows the performance of the model on unseen data, i.e how well can classify a new photo. I have trained the model using only 10 epochs and the accuracy on the trained data can also been seen after each epoch. To find the most appropriate number of epochs an extra validation set can be used. It is possible then to check, for each epoch, the accuracy of the model from the training data and the validation data. This way we can find the best number of epochs that we can use in the model in order to maximize the performance and prevent overfitting. 
